7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

ECONOMY

'Panicking': Why recent college grads
are struggling to find jobs
Recent college graduates are facing one of the most challenging job markets in years — with
the exception of the pandemic period — even as the overall unemployment rate remains low.

NATIONAL

Wildfire destroys dozens of structures
at Grand Canyon National Park
KNAU NEWS TALK - ARIZONA PUBLIC RADIO

NATIONAL

Senate committee details failures by
Secret Service in preventing Trump
shooting

MIDDLE EAST

Israeli settlers beat U.S. citizen to
death in West Bank

REVIEW

POP CULTURE HAPPY HOUR

'Love Island USA' might decenter
whiteness — but the show still won't face reality

https://www.npr.org/

1/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

NATIONAL

2 killed and 2 wounded in shooting at
Kentucky church; suspect also shot
police trooper
WEKU

RELIGION

Los Angeles houses of worship plan for
possible ICE raids

POLITICS

Here's a list of Trump's tariff letters so
far and the rates they threaten

SPORTS

Jannik Sinner wins Wimbledon, Italy's
first singles champion

Latest Stories
1 hour ago

Wildfire destroys a historic Grand Canyon lodge and other structures
2 hours ago

Jannik Sinner wins Wimbledon, Italy's first singles champion
3 hours ago

Senate committee details failures by Secret Service in preventing Trump shooting
5 hours ago

Nigeria's former President Muhammadu Buhari dies at 82
11 hours ago
https://www.npr.org/

2/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

Sunday Puzzle: Words ending in "AC"

INVESTIGATIONS

Camp Mystic asked to remove
buildings from government flood maps
despite risk
The data also highlights critical risks in other areas along the Guadalupe River in Kerr
County, and nationwide as many Americans have a flood risk they are not aware of.

IMMIGRATION

No playing Spanish-language music:
Many immigrants say they have new
rules for driving
As the Trump administration's crackdown continues, traffic stops have become increasingly
important tools of enforcement. It has led many immigrants to take alternate modes of
transportation.

SPACE

The biggest piece of Mars on Earth is
going up for auction in New York
Sotheby's in New York will be auctioning the largest piece of Mars ever found on Earth.

AFRICA

Nigeria's former President
Muhammadu Buhari dies at 82
Nigeria's former president Muhammadu Buhari — who once ruled as a military dictator
before returning decades later as an elected leader — has died at 82.

Recovery operations halted, vigil
cancelled as flash flood warnings
continue across Central Texas
https://www.npr.org/

3/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

TEXAS PUBLIC RADIO

Kerrville city officials have announced that recovery operations have been suspended due
to heavy rain in the area. Ground crews working in the river corridor have been advised to
evacuate until further notice.

INVESTIGATIONS

New data reveals FEMA missed major
flood risks at Camp Mystic
The data also highlights critical risks in other areas along the Guadalupe River in Kerr
County, revealing more than twice as many Americans live in flood prone areas than FEMA's
maps show.

Relief efforts in Comfort come with a
hug
TEXAS PUBLIC RADIO

The town of Comfort has established a store that doesn't take money, but gives supplies,
and comfort, to those who drop by.

NATIONAL

https://www.npr.org/

4/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

'Helping every dang soul': Beloved
camp director was among those lost in
Texas flooding
Jane Ragsdale ran the Heart O' the Hills camp
for girls in Kerr County. The camp was between sessions when the deluge hit. The only
person killed there was Ragsdale.

THE PICTURE SHOW

Photos: Before-and-after satellite
images show extent of Texas flooding
destruction
Before-and-after images show how the Guadalupe River surged and devastated towns
across Texas hill country.

MIDDLE EAST

At least 30 killed in Israeli strikes on Gaza as war
deaths top 58,000, officials say
At least six children were killed in an Israeli strike on a water
collection point. The Israeli military blamed a technical error
Abdel Kareem Hana/AP which made its munition fall "dozens of meters from the
target".

IMMIGRATION

Federal judge orders stop to
indiscriminate immigration raids in Los
Angeles
Civil rights groups alleged that ICE and Border Patrol agents are rounding people up based
on their race, and denying them access to lawyers. A federal judge said there's evidence
what they're doing is illegal.

BUSINESS

What Trump's One Big Beautiful Bill Act means for taxes on Social Security
https://www.npr.org/

5/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

Many Americans received an email from the
Social Security Administration applauding the
megabill's passage. Experts say it was
misleading.

WATCH

yMusic: Tiny Desk Concert

Adrianne Lenker: Tiny Desk (Home)
Concert

Clipse: Tiny

Tiny Desk Concert: yMusic
https://www.npr.org/

6/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

yMusic is completely at home backing up the likes of Paul Simon, The National and Dirty
Projectors, or performing music it has commissioned from today's top composers.

CLIMATE

Where to find information about flood
risk to your home
Many people in the United States receive little or no information about flood risk when they
move into a new home or apartment. Here's how you can learn about your flood risk.

NEWS

Hundreds of workers are laid off in a
State Department overhaul
The State Department is slashing hundreds of jobs in what's being called its biggest shakeup in decades — drawing sharp criticism from former diplomats who say the cuts risk
gutting America's diplomatic muscle.

GOATS AND SODA

Folklife stars: Maya artist, Bolivian
rappers, Dolly Parton's guitar restorer
They all showed off their talents at this year's Smithsonian Folklife Festival. The theme:
How youth keep cultural traditions alive.

AFRICA

Nigeria says it won't accept U.S.
deportees: 'We have enough problems
of our own'
Nigeria's government is pushing back against U.S. efforts to send the country migrants and
foreign prisoners, with Nigerian Foreign Minister Yusuf Tuggar quoting Public Enemy to
drive home his point.

TED RADIO HOUR
https://www.npr.org/

7/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

Could AI extend your life indefinitely? Futurist Ray
Kurzweil thinks so
As AI infiltrates every aspect of our lives, futurist Ray
Kurzweil shares lessons from 60 years of working on AI.
What he got right — wrong — and where he thinks we are
Illustration by Luke headed next.
Medina/NPR/Photo by Andrey
Popov/Getty Images

WORLD

Preliminary report says fuel switches
were cut off before Air India Boeing 787
crash
Indian investigators determined the Boeing 787 Dreamliner was properly configured and
lifted off normally. But three seconds after takeoff, the engines' fuel switches were cut off.

CLIMATE

How flood sirens could have saved lives
in Texas
In the wake of the deadly flash floods in Texas, state leaders are exploring whether to
install more flood warning sirens. Such sirens can save lives if they're part of a larger
warning system.

What should you do in a flash flood? Expert safety tips for before, during and after
New data reveals FEMA missed major flood risks at Camp Mystic

The National Weather Service is stretched thin in
Texas. It has been for years
KUT 90.5

Lorianne Willett/KUT News

https://www.npr.org/

Former National Weather Service meteorologists say local
offices are overstretched, even as they performed admirably
during the catastrophic floods in Texas.

8/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

CULTURE

Gen Z is afraid of sex — and for good
reason
Gen Z is in a sex recession. Not because they're less horny, but because they're more afraid.

REVIEW

POP CULTURE HAPPY HOUR

James Gunn's 'Superman' movie is
corny. Which is why it gets Superman right
Every era gets the Superman it needs. James Gunn's version — sincere, inspiring and
idealistic — will make you want to cheer.

ASIA

In Myanmar, a rush for rare earth
metals is causing a regional
environmental disaster
A drastic increase in unregulated production of rare earth minerals in Myanmar is causing
serious environmental concerns downriver in Thailand, as China's influence in the sector
looms large.

POLITICS

Trump got his tax bill over the finish
line. Now he has to sell it to voters
The 900-page tax and policy package fulfills several key campaign promises but also
makes cuts that could boot millions from health care and food assistance programs.

https://www.npr.org/

9/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

LAW

Guantánamo plea deals for accused 9/11 plotters are
canceled by federal appeals court
A federal appeals court has canceled plea deals with three
men accused of orchestrating the 9/11 attacks, deepening the
Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images/Getty legal morass surrounding the long-stalled case.
Images North America

IMMIGRATION

Masked immigration agents are
spurring fear and confusion across the
U.S.
The Department of Homeland Security says federal agents arresting immigrants are hiding
their faces for their own safety. Legal advocates say the practice undermines public trust.

THE NPR NEWS QUIZ

What AI bot started referring to itself
as 'MechaHitler'? Find out in the quiz
Elon Musk and his AI have been busy. So has the TSA. And Amazon. Were you paying
attention?

EUROPE

Part ancient war propaganda, part
comic strip, the Bayeux Tapestry will
return to the U.K.
https://www.npr.org/

10/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

On a state visit, France's president announced the loan of the tapestry embroidered with
scenes of the 1066 Norman invasion. It will return to the U.K. for the first time in more than
900 years.

more from
news

culture

music

READ & LISTEN

CONNECT

Home

Newsletters

News

Facebook

Culture

Instagram

Music

Press

Podcasts & Shows

Public Editor
Corrections
Transcripts
Contact & Help

ABOUT NPR

GET INVOLVED

Overview

Support Public Radio

Diversity

Sponsor NPR

NPR Network

NPR Careers

Accessibility

NPR Shop

https://www.npr.org/

11/12

7/13/25, 8:56 PM

NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR

Ethics

NPR Events

Finances

NPR Extra

terms of use
privacy
your privacy choices
text only

https://www.npr.org/

12/12

